README.md, before:

# 2.3 Test

'2.3 Test' was originally used for testing patches before their deployment to the main [2.3 Players Patch](https://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=1190476337) mod. However, due to a convoluted history, **2.3 Test is now a standalone mod which is the primary mod used for multiplayer in HWRM.**

2.3 Test does not make any provisions for singleplayer: the experience will likely be pretty unbalanced as all 2.3 Test changes are focused on multiplayer balancing.

### Changelogs

See them [here](https://github.com/Novaras/2.3-Test/tree/main/changelog).

### Authors/Contributors

2.3 Test is 99.9% Fear/Novaras (except the maps), however it builds on the main 2.3 Players Patch mod. As such, all credits there should be considered credits here.

The maps which come bundled with the mod were mostly made by various community members many years ago, and some are direct ports of maps made for HW2 classic. Most maps come with their own authorship information either in the map file or displayed on the map thumbnail.

Commit message:

add how-to-play info to readme

README.md, after:

# 2.3 Test

'2.3 Test' was originally used for testing patches before their deployment to the main [2.3 Players Patch](https://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=1190476337) mod. However, due to a convoluted history, **2.3 Test is now a standalone mod which is the primary mod used for multiplayer in HWRM.**

2.3 Test does not make any provisions for singleplayer: the experience will likely be pretty unbalanced as all 2.3 Test changes are focused on multiplayer balancing.

### How to Play

1. Find the mod on Steam Workshop [here](https://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=1413859511)
2. Click 'Subscribe'
3. Steam will automatically download any subscribed Workshop items
   1. When workshop items update, Steam will automatically update your local copy **whenever you re-log, OR if you re-subscribe to the item**
   2. If your mod is not updating after a patch, try one of the above methods
4. Pick the '2.3 Test' mod from the modlist in the launcher
5. Done

### Changelogs

See them [here](https://github.com/Novaras/2.3-Test/tree/main/changelog).

### Authors/Contributors

2.3 Test is 99.9% Fear/Novaras (except the maps), however it builds on the main 2.3 Players Patch mod. As such, all credits there should be considered credits here.

The maps which come bundled with the mod were mostly made by various community members many years ago, and some are direct ports of maps made for HW2 classic. Most maps come with their own authorship information either in the map file or displayed on the map thumbnail.
